docs: clarify non-debug build option (#8542)
magma/magma: docs/readmes/lte/build_install_magma_pkg_in_agw.md

    fab dev package:vcs=git
    ```

>     The `dev` flag will compile all C++ services with `Debug` compiler flags and enable ASAN. This is recommended for testing only as it will impact performance. In contrast, the production-ready build will set the flag `RelWithDebInfo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `dev` flag will compile all C++ services with `Debug` compiler flags and enable ASAN. This is recommended for testing only as it will impact performance. In contrast, the production package has C++ services built with `RelWithDebInfo` compiler flags.
```
